Peg your latitude measure as the row,
and peg your longitude measure as a column.
Ensure that they're converted to dimensions.
Zoom into your map. Turn on
neighborhood as a map layer.
Play around with the intensity and opacity of the map until you
are able to effectively see hot-spots without overpowering the neighborhood text.
Zoom in a little closer to see more neighborhoods.
From here, we can see Chinatown,
lower east side, parts of Little Italy,
Koreatown in the Garment District have the highest density of traffic collisions,
leading to the inference that we should be focusing
on placing our crosswalk signaling systems,
and select intersections of these neighborhoods.